Rephrased Sentence (#29493)
github/docs: content/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent.md

1. Insert your hardware security key into your computer.
{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %}

> 1. Paste the text below, replacing the email used in the example with your {% data variables.product.product_name %} email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Paste the text below, replacing the email addressed in the example with the email address associated with your {% data variables.product.product_name %} account.
```
